Revamp Mix & OTP guides (#14637)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/mix-and-otp/dynamic-supervisor.md

# Supervising dynamic children

> We have successfully learned how our supervisor tree is automatically started (and stopped) as part of our application's life cycle. We can also name our buckets via the `:name` option. We also learned that, in practice, we should always start new processes inside supervisors. Let's apply these insights by ensuring our buckets are named and supervised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have successfully learned how our supervision tree is automatically started (and stopped) as part of our application's life cycle. We can also name our buckets via the `:name` option. We also learned that, in practice, we should always start new processes inside supervisors. Let's apply these insights by ensuring our buckets are named and supervised.
```

> We have successfully how our supervisor tree is automatically started (and stopped) as part of our the application life cycle. We can also name our buckets via the `:name` option. And we also learned that, in practice, we should always start new processes inside supervisors. Let's put these teachings in practice by ensuring our buckets are named and supervised.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have successfully learned how our supervisor tree is automatically started (and stopped) as part of our application's life cycle. We can also name our buckets via the `:name` option. We also learned that, in practice, we should always start new processes inside supervisors. Let's apply these insights by ensuring our buckets are named and supervised.
```

## Child specs

> Supervisors know how to start processes because they are given "child specifications". In our `lib/kv.ex` file, we defined a list of childreni with a single child spec:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Supervisors know how to start processes because they are given "child specifications". In our `lib/kv.ex` file, we defined a list of children with a single child spec:
```

iex> DynamicSupervisor.start_child(:dyn_sup, {KV.Bucket, name: name})
iex> KV.Bucket.put(name, "milk", 1)
:ok
iex> KV.Bucket.get(name, "milk")
1
```

Overall, processes can be named and supervised, regardless if they are supervisors, agents, etc, since all of Elixir standard library was designed around those capabilities.

With all ingredients in place to supervise and name buckets, open up the `lib/kv.ex` module and let's add a new function called `KV.locate/1`, which receives a name and either create or returns a bucket for the given name:

```elixir
defmodule KV do
  use Application

  @impl true
  def start(_type, _args) do
    children = [
      {Registry, name: KV, keys: :unique},
      {DynamicSupervisor, name: KV.BucketSupervisor, strategy: :one_for_one}
    ]

    Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
  end

  @doc """
  Creates a bucket with the given name.
  """
  def create_bucket(name) do
    DynamicSupervisor.start_child(KV.BucketSupervisor, {KV.Bucket, name: via(name)})
  end

  @doc """
  Looks up the given bucket.
  """
  def lookup_bucket(name) do
    GenServer.whereis(via(name))
  end

  defp via(name), do: {:via, Registry, {KV, name}}
end
```

> The code is relatively simple. First we changed `start/2` to also start a dynamic supervisor named `KV.BucketSupervisor`. Then, when implemented `KV.create_bucket/1` which receives a bucket and starts with using our registry and dynamic supervisor. And we also added `KV.locate_bucket/1` that receives the same name and attempts to find its PID.

Author: ```suggestion
The code is relatively simple. First we changed `start/2` to also start a dynamic supervisor named `KV.BucketSupervisor`. Then, when implemented `KV.create_bucket/1` which receives a bucket and starts with using our registry and dynamic supervisor. And we also added `KV.lookup_bucket/1` that receives the same name and attempts to find its PID.
```

To make sure it all works as expected, let's write a test. Open up `test/kv_test.exs` and add this:

```elixir
defmodule KVTest do
  use ExUnit.Case, async: true

  test "creates and looks up buckets by any name" do
    name = "a unique name that won't be shared"
    assert is_nil(KV.lookup_bucket(name))

    assert {:ok, bucket} = KV.create_bucket(name)
    assert KV.lookup_bucket(name) == bucket

    assert KV.create_bucket(name) == {:error, {:already_started, bucket}}
  end
end
```

The test shows we are creating and locating buckets with any name, making sure we use a unique name to avoid conflicts between tests.

> ## `start_supervised/1`

Author: ```suggestion
## The `start_supervised` test helper
```

Before we move on, let's do some clean up.

In `test/kv/bucket_test.exs`, we explicitly invoked `KV.Bucket.start_link/1` to start our buckets. However, we now know that we should avoid calling `start_link/1` directly and instead start processes as part of supervision trees.

In order to aid testing, `ExUnit` already starts a supervision tree per test and provides the `start_supervised` function to start processes within test-specific supervision tree. One advantage of this approach is that `ExUnit` guarantees any started process is shut down at the end of the test too. Let's rewrite our tests to use it instead:

```elixir
defmodule KV.BucketTest do
  use ExUnit.Case, async: true

  test "stores values by key" do
    {:ok, bucket} = start_supervised(KV.Bucket)
    assert KV.Bucket.get(bucket, "milk") == nil

    KV.Bucket.put(bucket, "milk", 3)
    assert KV.Bucket.get(bucket, "milk") == 3
  end

  test "stores values by key on a named process", config do
    {:ok, _} = start_supervised({KV.Bucket, name: config.test})
    assert KV.Bucket.get(config.test, "milk") == nil

    KV.Bucket.put(config.test, "milk", 3)
    assert KV.Bucket.get(config.test, "milk") == 3
  end
end
```

> It is a small change but it brings our tests to the best practices. Excellent!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is a small change, but our tests are now using all of the relevant best practices. Excellent!
```

Not only that, as you create new buckets on the terminal, you should see new processes spawned in the supervision tree shown in Observer:

```elixir

> iex> KV.locate("shopping")

Author: ```suggestion
iex> KV.lookup_bucket("shopping")
```

> iex> KV.locate("shopping")

Author: ```suggestion
iex> KV.lookup_bucket("shopping")
```
